<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="Ref129262046">
      <title>Alternative approach: Using the oXygen DITA-OT instance</title>
  <shortdesc>You can also install the plugin under the DITA-OT instance shipped with oXygen. This
    method can be helpful if you are experiencing obscure build errors or need to set the
      <codeph>fix.external.refs.com.oxygenxml</codeph> DITA build parameter to
    <codeph>true</codeph>.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author/>
    <author type="contributor">EricSzegedi</author>
    <critdates>
      <!--EricSzegedi-->
      <revised modified="2023-03-31"/>
    </critdates>
    <metadata>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname/>
        <vrmlist>
          <vrm version=""/>
        </vrmlist>
        <component/>
        <featnum/>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="context_u53_vpj_zwb">
        <p>There are less benefits than drawbacks to this approach.</p>
        <p>
          <b>Benefits:</b>
        </p>
        <ul>
          <li>No need to install a standalone DITA-OT instance.</li>
          <li>Plugin integration in oXygen is easier.</li>
          <li>You use the same DITA-OT instance for building PDF and Web
output.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>
          <b>Drawbacks:</b>
        </p>
        <ul>
          <li>Installation requires administrative permission.</li>
          <li>Plugin updates are troublesome and require administrative
permission.</li>
          <li>Troublesome process using DITA from the command line.</li>
          <li>The DITA-OT version can change with an oXygen upgrade, leading to compatibility
          issues.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Still, if you insist, the correct process is the following.</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Perform <xref keyref="install_pdf_stylesheet_plugin"/>, but perform steps in the
            <filepath>C:\Program Files\Oxygen XML Editor
            25\frameworks\dita\DITA-OT3.x\plugins</filepath> folder as an Administrator..</cmd>
      </step>
          <step><cmd>Launch oXygen as an Administrator and execute the <b>Run
DITA-OT Integrator</b> transformation scenario to integrate
              the plugin.</cmd></step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Perform <xref keyref="setup_oxygen_external_ditaot_plugin"/>, but change the value of
          the <codeph>dita.dir</codeph> parameter to <codeph>${configured.ditaot.dir}</codeph></cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
