<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Toc131148406">
      <title>Building DITA output using the command line</title>
  <shortdesc></shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author/>
    <author type="contributor">EricSzegedi</author>
    <critdates>
      <!--EricSzegedi-->
      <revised modified="2023-03-31"/>
    </critdates>
    <metadata>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname/>
        <vrmlist>
          <vrm version=""/>
        </vrmlist>
        <component/>
        <featnum/>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
      <conbody>
        <p>If you want to perform a build quicker than calling it from oXygen or want to quickly
      validate the installed plugin, perform this
      command:<codeblock id="codeblock_ejf_mrj_zwb"><b>C:\DITA\dita-ot-3.7.4\bin\dita install -i &lt;input_ditamap&gt; -f hclctgpdf -o &lt;output_folder&gt;</b></codeblock></p>
        <p>where:</p>
        <ul>
          <li><codeph> &lt;input_ditamap&gt;</codeph> is the input ditamap with its full path</li>
          <li>
        <codeph>hclctgpdf</codeph> is the transformation type as defined in the plugin. Do not
        change this value.</li>
          <li>
        <codeph>&lt;output_folder&gt;</codeph> is the folder you want to the output PDF to be
        located. By default this folder is relative to the folder you call the command from.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Optionally, add the <option>-v</option> option to display the build log in the command
      line. Errors and warnings are displayed by default even without calling this option. You can
      also direct the log to a standalone file by using CLI pipes (for example, adding <b>&gt;
        log.txt</b> to the end of your dita command will pipe the output to the log.txt file.)</p>
        <p>Optionally, add the <option>--propertyfile
        C:\DITA\dita-ot-3.7.4\plugins\com.hcltech.ctgpdf\ctgpdf.properties</option> option to pass all
      predefined build parameters to the build process. This option is mandatory if you are building
      production output.</p>
        <p>You are highly encouraged to play with the command line DITA command and its options to
      discover its features and functionality. See the DITA-OT website for a detailed description
        <xref href="https://www.dita-ot.org/3.7/topics/build-using-dita-command.html" format="html"
        scope="external"/>.</p>
      </conbody>
    </concept>
