<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="Ref129261133">
      <title>Installing the HCLTech PDF stylesheet plugin</title>
  <shortdesc/>
  <prolog>
    <author/>
    <author type="contributor">EricSzegedi</author>
    <critdates>
      <!--EricSzegedi-->
      <revised modified="2023-03-31"/>
    </critdates>
    <metadata>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname/>
        <vrmlist>
          <vrm version=""/>
        </vrmlist>
        <component/>
        <featnum/>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Navigate to <filepath>C:\DITA\dita-ot-3.7.4\plugins</filepath>. </cmd>
        <info>
          <p>This folder contains the DITA-OT plugins.</p>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Create the <filepath>com.hcltech.ctgpdf</filepath> folder.</cmd>
      </step>
       <step>
        <cmd>Git clone the contents <xref format="html"
            href="https://github.hpe.com/hpe/cms-techdocs-dita-stylesheet.git" scope="external"
            >https://github.hpe.com/hpe/cms-techdocs-dita-stylesheet.git</xref> to the folder
          created in the preceding step.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note id="note_dxr_qtj_zwb">
            <ul id="ul_axp_ynm_1xb">
              <li>The <b>master</b> branch contains the production stylesheet. You must use this
                branch for building documentation deliverables. </li>
              <li>The <b>beta</b> branch contains the development version. Use this branch for
                testing but do never for building official documentation deliverables, unless
                instructed otherwise.</li>
              <li>The <b>legacy</b> branch contains the legacy stylesheet developed for DITA-OT
                2.2.1.</li>
            </ul>
          </note>
          <note id="note_tgp_b5j_zwb" type="tip">Use the command <codeph>git clone
              git@github.hpe.com:hpe/cms-techdocs-dita-stylesheet.git .</codeph><p>to clone the repo
              with only the contents (and then there won't be a top level folder such as
              cms-techdocs-dita-stylesheet created). The <codeph> .</codeph> at the end is what is
              needed for this.</p></note>
        </info>
      </step>
                  <step>
                    <cmd>Integrate the new plugin. This is easiest done using the command line.</cmd>
                    <info><p>In a Windows command line, execute <cmdname>C:\DITA\dita-ot-3.7.4\bin\dita install</cmdname>.</p>
        <p>You must receive the response: <b>Added com.hcltech.ctgpdf</b>.</p></info></step>
    </steps>
    <result id="result_ffr_bsj_zww"><p>The plugin is integrated and ready to use. You can validate this with the command:
        <codeblock id="codeblock_wqd_vtj_zwb">C:\DITA\dita-ot-3.7.4\bin\dita transtypes</codeblock></p>
      <p>The list must include <b><codeph>hclctgpdf</codeph></b>, which is the transformation type
        defined in the plugin.</p></result>
  </taskbody>
    </task>
